It's cool, we're here straight from
piracicaba for last proof of bread
A Canadian Heat Accelerated Here Bread
in toronto receives us is the following sumo
of cars already thinking about formative
triangular
Me and you face gerson gerson
you face those who add more victories
in the non-triangular leads to the scaling jct 6
has the same motor even touch the same
power the third is a bit more
heavy in this anguish is this or is it mass
I can not cheat but the troops stayed
The proof is as follows:
in the body loses it has to push until the
cone and the people like us here
never fry clutches when they are
near the pneuzinho there has also
not to hit the bumper though the
Eastern tradition have already been lost again
to listen I started to accept the idea already
that the poor thing
My reaction was very fast. It 's the
next, it looks to be fair then every
one goes once in each car
Now you face Japan was
in the third year and the third is all
your
Look at the l1 l12 rock you lose means
The pachydermatous was made after
He came to try to knock me down. He arrived.
there before
I do not know if the ballot box was really a voice and
Looking at the feature here soon in turnip futon
and still ran over a cone swimming was only
a little plate here it's okay to mark
also a small plaque Tomazelli all time
world saw me here look I would like to
say it's a clutch test more
than robot 11 a little bit of
reflected also in the time of the uergs and
stays on the hand brake with it engaged
then he goes ahead I think he is
this sumo in good truth was a fighter
from sumô
I went to watch the first impact the
face takes it fall pure physics but the
same speed for the more you are
with a lot of technique now who accompanied
every episode saw that more that it has
that I was screwed here in that
They invented rule in metal but I
I had a lot of fun .
It was sensational to put the
ranking guys who are also there
lifting a racing wheel is something the
people never imagined that I would do it and I think
That galera also liked me a lot.
I do not know if it was one of the daily
people accelerated on recording days
that people accelerated but certainly
we we have fun but it is
we like you so much if you like it
leave your license and share the
people reach more people should stay
promote the most crazy challenges
boss and calling the
audience did not panic was already the
winner of accelerated pam
but ended up taking another gold to
house also in the south of cars
Guys, I think this is what Sumo is.
first impact and the guy is america
The first is that the pope is easy.